fruit of the synthesis between brush
the one from jávea
a new concept of machines is born
the indicator brush
designed for those jobs where the use of a sander is insufficient and
using a brush is not suitable
given the nature of the materials
with a work system similar to that of a conventional brush incorporated in
place of knives a long lasting abrasive roller
although it may seem that the roller will wear out quickly
his work system does not allow it at all
to brush a millimeter involved more than 20 aggressive milligrams
so the work of each summer is only 3 thousand cases
also
the enormous centrifugal force generated by the 16,500 minute revolution of the
roller
indicates that the extracted material if it starts to analyze
so its wear is minimal and its superior performance and more economical
that a set of knives of a conventional brush
Likewise
the roller rotates in the forward direction
so the powder is directly led to the suction torera
The range of dictator brushes consists of two models
the ceeg 23 that in him
from Barcelona
miguel c 123 n adjustable base curve
for curved surfaces
there are many possible applications of this new generation of machines
next we will see some of the most significant where the brush
picador shows some outstanding attitudes
It is ideal for low resource settings
there is no risk of suffocating humanity
although we work with contractors
the shelf settings sing to two are performed quickly and accurately
and without risks of asphyxia of the panel from the outside as in the championship
your ability to brush lizardo
this exceptional for a system with abrasive material
allow brush and paste one millimeter deep in a single pass
It is very versatile in its handling
allowing to work on materials with confidence and precision
having no blades suso on surfaces is not so aggressive
but nevertheless
It has a high level of material extraction
also allowing its lightness
handle it with one hand
Its brush structure allows you to brush it polycarp only thickness
adjusted in the front garden
when the machine rests on the back
A) Yes
performs packaging work easily
and with precision
The extraction of paints and varnishes is an application where the brush
dictator demonstrates exceptional effectiveness
in this case the extraction of a deteriorated exterior varnish is carried out
for the subsequent rehabilitation of the piece
the result obtained in a very short time
it's amazing
it even starts
with several layers of paint and varnish
one over the other over the years
the heat brush demonstrates its great extraction capacity
and recovery of the piece
check how the rinsing roller is kept clean of paint residues and
varnish
the brushing of the edges is carried out without fear splintering the mother
and also allows
give it a different finish
given the ease of modeling the piece
in the conventional corridors
Finding a nail or staple hidden in the wood can damage the blades and
even the portal 'cars days
the brush they left instead
john work without fear of finding the metallic elements
because these
Do not damage the roller or the machine
simply the metal parts that we can find will be in past
on the worked surface
the brush readers
It is ideal for removing paints of all kinds
getting a high school level if the brands
their ability to extract these children was eliminated even
hard coatings
as in the psychic
either on the surface or on the edge
the way the heat roller acts
allows brushing surfaces formed of materials of different nature
in the image we see when brushing on a polystyrene wooden surface
the result is a smooth surface
with all the materials perfectly integrated
being possible also brushed the angle without fear of damaging the
more brittle and fragile materials
in the nautical sector
tooth-brushing brushes
and a large field of applications
the drawing of pieces in grafts of different materials
heart figel country resins removal
and ideal in boats for the rehabilitation of osmosis and preparation
the repainted
to work on curved surfaces the cf 123 cl model is ideal
Based on adjustable curuguaty
to adapt appropriately to the type of material and work minutes available
a wide range of player rollers that regulation with different type of
Optimal grain trial
They change the heat roller is an easy and quick process that is performed
in a few seconds and without the need for tools
The type of roller is easily identifiable thanks to the band of
color that incorporates the adjustment of the base is also very simple through the
front knob we will adjust the thickness of the pass in the same way as
we would act with a conventional brush
we must adjust the back
according to the robinho team that we place
so that the same thing will happen
clemente respectively flush
to get it a safe work environment
it is always advisable to work with breathing
for it the interest
It has a full range of professional vacuum cleaners
billet dictators ex ticket are the ideal solution for many
applications on different types of material
their great precision and utilities make them a tool to incorporate into the
team of each professional
libraries
solutions for the professional